# VoGuide
Learning @ the speed of need

The education market in India, which is presently worth around Rs 5.9 trillion (US$ 92.98 billion), is poised for major disruption. The new landscape in education will be dominated by Access & Personalisation of Content & Context. It is expected that by 2020, India will have the world’s largest tertiary-age population, and the second largest graduate talent pipeline globally.

Most of today’s jobs will not exist in the future. the key is reskilling, upskilling & life-time continuous learning. 30% of today's workforce are non-traditional workers: freelancers, contractors, consultants & collaborators. Reskilling & upskilling the talent pipeline is paramount to the Future of Work in a gig economy & an uberized workforce. Prime among the trends that out-think is the transition of the strategic imperative from a Digital world to Cognitive. Learning is now a consumer-driven experience & at an inflection point. &  The opportunity is in disrupting & democratizing learning.

VoGuide is a cognitive upskilling ecosystem that re-invesnts the way learners augment their skills to make their careers future-ready. VoGuide offers a talent skilling continuum, making millions job-ready & enables superior outcomes in job readiness, conforming to Industry’s demands. Based on the premise that traditional skill-generating methods will not suffice to mobilize skill-sets required for today’s AI-first world, VoGuide aims to dismediate the learning process by leveraging Applied AI to bridge the gap between the skills acquired in formal education & those required by industry.

VoGuide’s mission is to enhance employability for high demand jobs. Heutagogy / Autodidactism is our mantra & in our DNA are the principles of Design Thinking, SMAC convergence with SAMR. The service is auto-scalable & creates a CoP for Learning. VoGuide offers a collaborative, connectivist & continuous learning platform. Its is a "Watch & Do" Video Learning Environment. It Breaks Down Barriers leading to Maximizing Learner’s Accessibility to Content. Other value-adds are the extended enterprise training, Reducing Trainer dependancy.

Visuals / Videos are the most engaging form of content delivery & smartphones, being the primary screen are the go-to device for any interaction & it is taking time away from anything else. Mobile learning is the foremost disruptor towards democratizing learning. App fatigue has forced Mobile learning to transcend eras from apps to platforms to ecosystems. In India, social media like WhatsApp isn’t a feature or an app like Ola or Swiggy but rather a basic utility like Internet or cell reception. VoGuide supports learners where they are, through a massive, open & ubiquitous social media platform, available anytime, anywhere, any device. It lets the learners take control & ownership of their own learning. This native environment facilitates better engagement & the intrinsic motivation to learn. With Internet bandwidth & connectivity better, this solution provides last mile connectivity to those deprived of quality instruction. Another sweetspot is the instant access post enrolment: no repeated signups & logins. VoGuide will harness the ubiquitous user interface & the user experience is the key towards high impact learning experiences.

The solution aims to provide a talent development framework, a roadmap for competitive advantage & ups the employability quotient

VoGuide strives to be a part of this watershed moment in EdTech.
